now surgeon cannabis is a former Tonto
Sen form of Vancouver white hat players
while he's played a few games for both
watch abit training recently he's been
very shopping sharp he's only played one
game in the u.s. elegance awesome in a
fork he'll win Jim Brennan is back in
after an ankle injury
Kevin harms is out he's been suspended
at any rate and this is what he has and
it's going to be a three five two to
start Wayne D Rosario popular Canadian
international player need a full 90
minutes from him and need him at his
very best but he has been excellent
since he's arrived from Houston and Emma
Brennan back in the lineup after an
ankle injury here's test owner Enzo
Lorenzo in the Toronto area
and the Argentine comes fairly close for
Montreal 50 Rosario intercepting a pass
in Toronto do something with us Cronin
just quick to swing it in there for dick
yellow kind of it was right there as
well and that chance goes begging for
Toronto FC short corner shirts and then
walks it over almost over top of
everyone last man there was testament to
keep it in play keep the pressure on
there's fires fires has taken down
all in the 23rd minute
is this the beginning of the disastrous
disasters outing for Toronto Etsy
step on fry facing down donut donut
Pennsylvania chance to kill Solano here
now the task for the visitors is to
store five
there's the corner kick punched out not
really
knee Rosario has equalized for Toronto
so we're back where we started
it's now 1:1 and they've had a few
corners Toronto FC this one's whipped in
and search again of it's the goalkeeper
comes for it watch it missed the punch
he doesn't get much on it at all and it
falls to be Rosario who overheads it in
the back of the net from seven yards out
d Rosario prospers r.a.dickey in the
hole what an opportunity that was for
Toronto to take a two to one lead and
his Dwayne De Rosario again thrown it
for Brendan's deep down the left side
Brendan's cross he can't get there we
were sorry oh
and maybe it's not over yet - nowand the
score but we really thought that Dwayne
De Rosario was going to be key in this
match he always shows up his energies
are outstanding but he's delivering
footballs in the Box in the Indy area
he's also a good
makes it touch in there just in the back
of the net job now to control things a
little bit to keep Toronto from out any
more attacks here this area was once on
the pushing up but they miss played the
diverse area he's gone three
Montreal pushed up to avoid the offside
trap but it didn't work for them and it
was extremely tight the offside but I
think that aligns with the assistant got
it right I think the way near Rosario is
great level when the ball was played for
threw it was a very well done good
pressure for Toronto I see how much are
they coughed it up and there they are
trying to step off offside he was
Aereo's onside he runs and smashes it
passed it kind of itch in the net is now
3-1
it's my
stop
now we're set
twenty two minutes to go it's for the
one Toronto and now it's game on this
issue is seriously in doubt he's a great
player when he wants to play he's one of
the very best in the league and he's got
a six goal of the season in all
competitions like Salah oh I see that
it's just a wonderful free-kick world
class in the top corners you can of
achieve goal for much allows no chance
so here's the corner kick from Guevara
potato Turner's in the macro white cap
coats there cannot be it all please his
fine goals and at the moment that trophy
is in the hands of Toronto FC the balls
whipped in the box
and it is barren of all people a man who
struggled to find the back of the net
watch if this drift off get his hand on
it bounces once into the top corner
nobody on the post - huh no se 5 goals
first time they scored five goals in
their history 4 minutes at a time and
we're into that now in Toronto
threatening here give him
there's Barrett flicked it back to the
bar
is not the clincher - from them tonight
and that man there Guevara he's another
one he's is outstanding when he comes to
play really wanted to win that champion
and there is the final whistle animal
might in the Montreal